# # CreateAdsByInventoryReferenceRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**bid_percentage** | **string** | The user-defined bid percentage (also known as the ad rate) sets the level that eBay increases the visibility of a listing across the eBay buyer flows. The higher the bidPercentage value, the more eBay promotes the listing. The value specified here is also used to calculate the Promoted Listings fee. This percentage value is multiplied by the final sales price to determine the fee. The Promoted Listings fee is determined at the time the transaction completes and the seller is assessed the fee only when an item sells through a Promoted Listings ad campaign. bidPercentage is a single precision value that is guided by the following rules: These values are valid: &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;1, &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;1.0, &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;4.1, &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;5.0, &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;5.5, ... These values are not valid: &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.01, &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;10.75, &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;99.99, &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;and so on. If a bid percentage is not provided for an ad, eBay uses the default bid percentage of the associated campaign.Minimum value: 1.0 Maximum value: 100.0 | [optional]
**inventory_reference_id** | **string** | An ID that identifies an a single-item listing or multiple-variation listing that is managed with the Inventory API. The inventory reference ID is a seller-defined value that can be either an SKU for a single-item listing or an inventoryItemGroupKey for a multiple-value listing. An inventoryItemGroupKey is a value that the seller defines to indicate a listing that&#39;s the parent of a inventory item group (a multiple-variation listing, such as a listing for shirt that&#39;s available in multiple sizes and colors). You must always specify both an inventoryRreferenceId and an inventoryReferenceType to indicate an item that&#39;s managed with the Inventory API. | [optional]
**inventory_reference_type** | **string** | Indicates the type of item the inventoryReferenceId references. The item can be either an INVENTORY_ITEM or INVENTORY_ITEM_GROUP. You must always pair an inventoryReferenceId with and inventoryReferenceType. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/pls:InventoryReferenceTypeEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
