# # CreateReportTask

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**campaign_ids** | **string[]** | A list of campaign IDs to be included in the report task. Call getCampaigns to get a list of the current campaign IDs for a seller. Note: The API currently supports only a single campaign ID per report task. Maximum: 1 Required if reportType is set to CAMPAIGN_PERFORMANCE_REPORT or CAMPAIGN_PERFORMANCE_SUMMARY_REPORT. | [optional]
**date_from** | **string** | The date defining the start of the timespan covered by the report. Format the timestamp as an ISO 8601 string, which is based on the 24-hour Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) clock with local offset. Note: The date specified cannot be a future date. Format: [YYYY]-[MM]-[DD]T[hh]:[mm]:[ss].[sss]Z Example: 2021-03-15T13:00:00-07:00 | [optional]
**date_to** | **string** | The date defining the end of the timespan covered by the report. As with the dateFrom field, format the timestamp as an ISO 8601 string. Note: The date specified cannot be a future date. Additionally, the time specified must be a later time than that specified in the dateFrom field. Format: [YYYY]-[MM]-[DD]T[hh]:[mm]:[ss].[sss]Z Example: 2021-03-17T13:00:00-07:00 | [optional]
**dimensions** | [**\Ebay\Sell\Marketing\Model\Dimension[]**](Dimension.md) | The list of the dimensions applied to the report. A dimension is an attribute to which the report data applies. For example, if you set dimensionKey to campaign_id in a Campaign Performance Report, the data will apply to the entire ad campaign. For information on the dimensions and how to specify them, see Reading Promoted Listings reports. | [optional]
**inventory_references** | [**\Ebay\Sell\Marketing\Model\InventoryReference[]**](InventoryReference.md) | You can use this field to supply an array of items to include in the report if you manage your inventory with the Inventory API. This field is mutually exclusive with the listingIds field; if you populate this field, do not populate the listingIds field. An inventory reference identifies an item in your inventory using a pair of values, where the inventoryReferenceId can be either a seller-defined SKU value or an inventoryItemGroupKey, where an inventoryItemGroupKey is seller-defined ID for an inventory item group (a multiple-variation listing). Couple the inventoryReferenceId with an inventoryReferenceType identifier to fully identify an item in your inventory. Maximum: 500 items Required if you do not supply an array of listingId values or if you set reportType to INVENTORY_PERFORMANCE_REPORT. | [optional]
**listing_ids** | **string[]** | Use this field to supply a array of the listing ID you want to include in the report. This field is mutually exclusive with the inventoryReferences field; if you populate this field, do not populate the inventoryReferences field. A listing ID is the eBay listing identifier that&#39;s generated when the listing is created. Note: This field accepts listingId values generated with both the Inventory API and the eBay Traditional APIs, such as the Trading and Finding APIs. Maximum: 500 listings Required if you do not supply an array of inventoryReferences values or if you set reportType to LISTING_PERFORMANCE_REPORT. | [optional]
**marketplace_id** | **string** | The ID for the eBay marketplace on which the report is based. Maximum: 1 Required if reportType is set to ACCOUNT_PERFORMANCE_REPORT or INVENTORY_PERFORMANCE_REPORT. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/ba:MarketplaceIdEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**metric_keys** | **string[]** | The list of metrics to be included in the report. Metrics are the quantitative measurements compiled into the report and the data returned is based on the specified dimension of the report. For example, if the dimension is campaign, the metrics for number of sales would be the number of sales in the campaign. However, if the dimension is listing, the number of sales represents the number of items sold in that listing. For information on metric keys and how to set them, see Reading Promoted Listings reports.Minimum: 1 | [optional]
**report_format** | **string** | The file format of the report. Currently, the only supported format is TSV_GZIP, which is a gzip file with tab separated values. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/plr:ReportFormatEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**report_type** | **string** | The type of report to be generated, such as ACCOUNT_PERFORMANCE_REPORT, CAMPAIGN_PERFORMANCE_REPORT, and so on. Maximum: 1 For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/plr:ReportTypeEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
