# # ItemPromotion

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**apply_discount_to_single_item_only** | **bool** | This flag is relevant in only when promotionType is set to VOLUME_DISCOUNT. For details on volume pricing promotions, see Configuring volume pricing discounts. If set to true, the discount is applied only when the buyer purchases multiple quantities of a single item in the promotion. Otherwise, the promotional discount applies to multiple quantities of any items in the promotion. Different variations of a multi-variation item are considered to be the same item. Note that this flag is not relevant if the inventoryCriterion container identifies a single listing ID for the promotion. | [optional]
**budget** | [**\Ebay\Sell\Marketing\Model\Amount**](Amount.md) |  | [optional]
**coupon_configuration** | [**\Ebay\Sell\Marketing\Model\CouponConfiguration**](CouponConfiguration.md) |  | [optional]
**description** | **string** | This is the seller-defined &amp;quot;tag line&amp;quot; for the offer, such as &amp;quot;Save on designer shoes.&amp;quot; The tag line appears under the &amp;quot;offer-type text&amp;quot; that is generated for the promotion and is displayed on the offer tile that&#39;s shown on the seller&#39;s All Offers page, and on the event page for the promotion. Note: Offer-type text is a teaser that&#39;s presented throughout the buyer&#39;s journey through the sales flow and is generated by eBay. The offer-type text is not editable by the seller&amp;mdash;it&#39;s derived from the settings in the discountRules and discountSpecification fields&amp;mdash;and can be, for example, &amp;quot;Extra 20% off when you buy 3+&amp;quot;. Maximum length: 50 Required if you are configuring CODED_COUPON, ORDER_DISCOUNT, or MARKDOWN_SALE promotions (and not valid for VOLUME_DISCOUNT promotions). | [optional]
**discount_rules** | [**\Ebay\Sell\Marketing\Model\DiscountRule[]**](DiscountRule.md) | This container defines a promotion using the following two required fields: discountBenefit &amp;ndash; Defines a discount as either a monetary amount or a percentage that is subtracted from the sales price of an item, a set of items, or an order. discountSpecification &amp;ndash; Defines a set of rules that determine when the promotion is applied. Note: For volume pricing, you must specify at least two and not more than four discountBenefit/discountSpecification pairs. In addition, you must define each set of rules with a ruleOrder value that corresponds with the order of volume discounts you present. Tip: Refer to Specifying item promotion discounts for information and examples on how to combine discountBenefit and discountSpecification to create different types of promotions. | [optional]
**end_date** | **string** | The date and time the promotion ends in UTC format (yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ssZ). If this field is blank (null), it indicates the promotion has no end date. For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. | [optional]
**inventory_criterion** | [**\Ebay\Sell\Marketing\Model\InventoryCriterion**](InventoryCriterion.md) |  | [optional]
**marketplace_id** | **string** | The eBay marketplace ID of the site where the threshold promotion is hosted. Threshold promotions are currently supported on a limited number of eBay marketplaces. Valid values: EBAY_AU &#x3D; Australia EBAY_DE &#x3D; Germany EBAY_ES &#x3D; Spain EBAY_FR &#x3D; France EBAY_GB &#x3D; Great Britain EBAY_IT &#x3D; Italy EBAY_US &#x3D; United States For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/ba:MarketplaceIdEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**name** | **string** | The seller-defined name or &amp;quot;title&amp;quot; of the promotion that the seller can use to identify a promotion. This label is not displayed in end-user flows. Maximum length: 90 | [optional]
**priority** | **string** | Applicable for only ORDER_DISCOUNT promotions, this field indicates the precedence of the promotion, which is used to determine the position of a promotion on the seller&#39;s All Offers page. If an item is associated with multiple promotions, the promotion with the higher priority takes precedence. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/sme:PromotionPriorityEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**promotion_image_url** | **string** | This field is required for CODED_COUPON and MARKDOWN_SALE promotions, optional for ORDER_DISCOUNT promotions, and not valid for VOLUME_DISCOUNT promotions. Populate this field with a URL that points to an image to be used with the promotion. This image is displayed on the seller&#39;s All Offers page. The URL must point to either JPEG or PNG image and it must be a minimum of 500x500 pixels in dimension and cannot exceed 12Mb in size. | [optional]
**promotion_status** | **string** | The current status of the promotion. When creating a new promotion, this value must be set to either DRAFT or SCHEDULED. Note that you must set this value to SCHEDULED when you update a RUNNING promotion. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/sme:PromotionStatusEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**promotion_type** | **string** | Use this field to specify the type of the promotion you are creating. The supported types are: CODED_COUPON &amp;ndash; A coupon code promotion set with createItemPromotion. MARKDOWN_SALE &amp;ndash; A markdown promotion set with createItemPriceMarkdownPromotion. ORDER_DISCOUNT &amp;ndash; A threshold promotion set with createItemPromotion. VOLUME_DISCOUNT &amp;ndash; A volume pricing promotion set with createItemPromotion. See the Promotions Manager documentation for details. Required if you are creating a volume pricing promotion (VOLUME_DISCOUNT). For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/sme:PromotionTypeEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**start_date** | **string** | The date and time the promotion starts in UTC format (yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ssZ). For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
