# # ItemPriceMarkdown

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**apply_free_shipping** | **bool** | If set to true, free shipping is applied to the first shipping service specified for the item. The first domestic shipping option is set to &amp;quot;free shipping,&amp;quot; regardless if the shipping optionType for that service is set to FLAT_RATE, CALCULATED, or NOT_SPECIFIED (freight). This flag essentially adds free shipping as a promotional bonus. Default: false | [optional]
**auto_select_future_inventory** | **bool** | If set to true, eBay will automatically add inventory items to the markdown promotion if they meet the selectedInventoryDiscounts criteria specified for the markdown promotion. Default: false | [optional]
**block_price_increase_in_item_revision** | **bool** | If set to true, price increases (including removing the free shipping flag) are blocked and an error message is returned if a seller attempts to adjust the price of an item that&#39;s partaking in this markdown promotion. If set to false, an item is dropped from the markdown promotion if the seller adjusts the price. Default: false | [optional]
**description** | **string** | This field is required if you are configuring an MARKDOWN_SALE promotion. This is the seller-defined &amp;quot;tag line&amp;quot; for the offer, such as &amp;quot;Save on designer shoes.&amp;quot; A tag line appears under the &amp;quot;offer-type text&amp;quot; that is generated for the promotion. The text is displayed on the offer tile that is shown on the seller&#39;s All Offers page and on the event page for the promotion. Note: Offer-type text is a teaser that&#39;s presented throughout the buyer&#39;s journey through the sales flow and is generated by eBay. This text is not editable by the seller&amp;mdash;it&#39;s derived from the settings in the discountRules and discountSpecification fields&amp;mdash;and can be, for example, &amp;quot;20% off&amp;quot;. Maximum length: 50 | [optional]
**end_date** | **string** | The date and time the promotion ends, in UTC format (yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ssZ). The value supplied for endDate must be at least 24 hours after the value supplied for the startDate of the markdown promotion. If this field is blank (null), it indicates the promotion has no end date. For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. Max value: 14 days for the AT, CH, DE, ES, FR, IE, IT, and UK, marketplaces. 45 days for all other marketplaces. | [optional]
**marketplace_id** | **string** | The eBay marketplace ID of the site where the markdown promotion is hosted. Markdown promotions are supported on all eBay marketplaces. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/ba:MarketplaceIdEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**name** | **string** | The seller-defined name or &#39;title&#39; of the promotion that the seller can use to identify a promotion. This label is not displayed in end-user flows. Maximum length: 90 | [optional]
**priority** | **string** | This field is ignored in markdown promotions. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/sme:PromotionPriorityEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**promotion_image_url** | **string** | Required for CODED_COUPON and MARKDOWN_SALE promotions, and optional for ORDER_DISCOUNT promotions, populate this field with a URL that points to an image to be used with the promotion. This image is displayed on the seller&#39;s All Offers page. The URL must point to either JPEG or PNG image and it must be a minimum of 500x500 pixels in dimension and cannot exceed 12Mb in size. | [optional]
**promotion_status** | **string** | The current status of the promotion. When creating a new promotion, you must set this value to either DRAFT or SCHEDULED. Note that you must set this value to SCHEDULED when you update a RUNNING promotion. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/sme:PromotionStatusEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**selected_inventory_discounts** | [**\Ebay\Sell\Marketing\Model\SelectedInventoryDiscount[]**](SelectedInventoryDiscount.md) | A list that defines the sets of selected items for the markdown promotion and the discount specified for promotion. | [optional]
**start_date** | **string** | The date and time the promotion starts in UTC format (yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ssZ). For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
